{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue109;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c50196;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Final project report\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Introduction
\f2\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The room price for Singapore is based on Central area and non-central area. I want to use foursquare data to do a unsupervised clustering base on the neighbourhood, and find out the relationship with room price.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Method and data
\f2\i0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qr\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 I scrape the data from Singapore URA website for 2018 average room price in Singapore dollor.\cb1 \
\
My hypothesis is that housing price( HDB) is correlated with location clustering. \
\
Data prep:\
I get data from Singapore URA data. For simplicity, I only get 2018 4-bedroom price. Some of the area in Singapore don\'92t have HDB. I ignore the NULL values here.\
For clustering part, I used Foursquare API to get Singapore district data. For each district, get information about its neighbourhood. Follow the method we learnt in the course, I did a similar Kmeans clustering. \
\
Modeling:\
The model I used is Kmeans with cluster = 3. After few try and error, I decided the cluster 3 make more sense to pick. \
\
evaluation:\
By compare the average price of the 3 clusters, we find that location indeed has a impact on the price. }